and job answered even today my complaint
just bitter
my hand is listless because of my
groaning oh that I knew where I might
find him that I might come to his seat I
would present my case before him and
fill my mouth with arguments I would
know the words which he would answer me
and understand what he would say to me
would he
contend with me in his great power no
but he would take note of me there the
upright could reason with him and I
would be delivered forever from my judge
look I go forward but he is not there
and backward but I cannot perceive him
when he works on the left hand I cannot
behold him when he turns to the right
hand I cannot see him but he knows the
way that I take when he has tested me I
shall come forth as gold my foot is held
fast to his steps
I have kept his way and not turned aside
I have not departed from the commandment
of his lips
I had treasured the words of his mouth
more than my necessary food
but he is unique and who can make him
change and whatever his soul desires
that he does but he performs what is
appointed for me and many such things
are with him therefore I am terrified at
his presence when I considered this I am
afraid of him for God made my heart weak
and the almighty terrifies me because I
was not cut off from the presence of
darkness and he did not hide deep
darkness from my face
[Music]